$TTL 1D
; $Id$
@                   IN  SOA   master.proftpd.org. core.proftpd.org. (
                              2012070200      ; Serial
                              43200           ; Refresh
                              3600            ; retry
                              604800          ; expire
                              14400           ; min ttl
                              )

; Daniel Roesen <dr@cluenet.de>
			NS	ns1.cluenet.de.
			NS	ns2.cluenet.de.
; Michael Renner <robe@amd.co.at>
			NS	master

			MX	5 master
			A	86.59.114.198
			AAAA	2001:858:2:5::5
www			CNAME	@

master		A	86.59.80.146
master		AAAA	2001:858:2:5::4
bugs		CNAME	master
mirrors		CNAME	master

dist		A	86.59.114.198
dist		AAAA	2001:858:2:5::5
rsync		CNAME	dist
ftp			CNAME	dist

forums		A	86.59.114.194

www2.am IN CNAME www.proftpd.org
www1.be IN CNAME www.proftpd.org
www1.bg IN CNAME www.proftpd.org
www3.bg IN CNAME www.proftpd.org
www2.cz IN CNAME www.proftpd.org
www1.ie IN CNAME www.proftpd.org
www2.il IN CNAME www.proftpd.org
www4.it IN CNAME www.proftpd.org
www1.kr IN CNAME www.proftpd.org
www1.li IN CNAME www.proftpd.org
www3.lv IN CNAME www.proftpd.org
www1.nl IN CNAME www.proftpd.org
www1.rs IN CNAME www.proftpd.org
www1.se IN CNAME www.proftpd.org
www1.sg IN CNAME www.proftpd.org
www1.tw IN CNAME www.proftpd.org
www1.uk IN CNAME www.proftpd.org
www2.uk IN CNAME www.proftpd.org
www21.us IN CNAME www.proftpd.org
www27.us IN CNAME www.proftpd.org

www.am IN CNAME www.proftpd.org
www.be IN CNAME www.proftpd.org
www.bg IN CNAME www.proftpd.org
www.cz IN CNAME www.proftpd.org
www.ie IN CNAME www.proftpd.org
www.il IN CNAME www.proftpd.org
www.it IN CNAME www.proftpd.org
www.kr IN CNAME www.proftpd.org
www.li IN CNAME www.proftpd.org
www.lv IN CNAME www.proftpd.org
www.nl IN CNAME www.proftpd.org
www.rs IN CNAME www.proftpd.org
www.se IN CNAME www.proftpd.org
www.sg IN CNAME www.proftpd.org
www.tw IN CNAME www.proftpd.org
www.uk IN CNAME www.proftpd.org
www.us IN CNAME www.proftpd.org

ftp2.ar IN CNAME ftp.proftpd.org
ftp1.at IN CNAME ftp.proftpd.org
ftp1.be IN CNAME ftp.proftpd.org
ftp3.be IN CNAME ftp.proftpd.org
ftp4.bg IN CNAME ftp.proftpd.org
ftp1.ch IN CNAME ftp.proftpd.org
ftp1.de IN CNAME ftp.proftpd.org
ftp2.de IN CNAME ftp.proftpd.org
ftp13.de IN CNAME ftp.proftpd.org
ftp5.fr IN CNAME ftp.proftpd.org
ftp12.fr IN CNAME ftp.proftpd.org
ftp1.hk IN CNAME ftp.proftpd.org
ftp3.it IN CNAME ftp.proftpd.org
ftp2.lv IN CNAME ftp.proftpd.org
ftp1.nl IN CNAME ftp.proftpd.org
ftp7.nl IN CNAME ftp.proftpd.org
ftp1.pl IN CNAME ftp.proftpd.org
ftp2.tr IN CNAME ftp.proftpd.org
ftp3.tw IN CNAME ftp.proftpd.org
ftp1.uk IN CNAME ftp.proftpd.org
ftp24.us IN CNAME ftp.proftpd.org
ftp25.us IN CNAME ftp.proftpd.org
ftp35.us IN CNAME ftp.proftpd.org
ftp1.za IN CNAME ftp.proftpd.org

ftp.ar IN CNAME ftp.proftpd.org
ftp.at IN CNAME ftp.proftpd.org
ftp.be IN CNAME ftp.proftpd.org
ftp.bg IN CNAME ftp.proftpd.org
ftp.ch IN CNAME ftp.proftpd.org
ftp.de IN CNAME ftp.proftpd.org
ftp.fr IN CNAME ftp.proftpd.org
ftp.hk IN CNAME ftp.proftpd.org
ftp.it IN CNAME ftp.proftpd.org
ftp.lv IN CNAME ftp.proftpd.org
ftp.nl IN CNAME ftp.proftpd.org
ftp.pl IN CNAME ftp.proftpd.org
ftp.tr IN CNAME ftp.proftpd.org
ftp.tw IN CNAME ftp.proftpd.org
ftp.uk IN CNAME ftp.proftpd.org
ftp.us IN CNAME ftp.proftpd.org
ftp.za IN CNAME ftp.proftpd.org
